Yes
again
what was your personal highlight in
puncto travel breakdown
I could not say mine
highlight was the landing now here
Berlin has never been so beautiful
landing approach that was a good one
I feel the same for them now
guys you are with the bus through the
accidents happened during the night
you have just left cars there
sometimes a little scared
Yes, I also knew it once
stopped because it started
to rattle and have some hours
some rumors it would have been mature
others meant currency as motor has
the bus driver briefly on the engine
something made the tailgate up
The bus was made and the men met
happiness back was again
God is always in the middle of now
somewhere a little and so far the
gas station stay overnight but are like that
but luckily so arrived there thought
we are so good now it is again
turn around or we'll stay the whole
night here or something but luckily
Everything is well shown in the ride that we
We can say that we can turn around again
145 already with seven hands and easy
the fighting spirit and the attitude the
the team is right and it has us
very welded together the three days
and we have very big character and
yes it's easy you can just be proud
be on everyone in such scenes one
such an intact team has that
relationship between players is so good
and not just on the field
are there for each other
It helps in such extreme situations
and the team is really outstanding
not just with the situation outside
from the field but also in the
play with all the problems that it is
has gone and then yes, too
the victory for it also rewarded now
only once 24 hours sleep first
again the normal dare children of the
pick up school and then at 7 o'clock this evening
training